well howdy there and I know the people
it's Bo again so I want to start off
tonight because we picked up like a
pretty good number of subscribers over
the last week or so some of y'all ain't
never seen me like this and I just want
to go ahead and give you a warning I
mean you gotta understand yeah last
week's one thing but deep down I'm just
a normal country boy I like my proof 100
my chicken fried and I am a huge huge
supporter of the President and so
tonight I'm gonna go ahead and tell you
a little bit about it and explain
something y'all just y'all been this
reading see he says one thing it does
something else and ya'll say he's
flip-flopping or whatever that's not it
I gotta I gotta break that down see he's
just he's playing a different game so
tonight we're gonna talk about chess but
not in kind of chess we're gonna talk
about 4d chess a special kind of chess
the only needs he knows how to play and
his followers they don't have to play it
too so as an example
remember back in August all those
liberals just crying about gun control
asking for gun control and you know at
some point he said something about how
he's in favor of red flag gun laws and
that his base went wild they went crazy
like no you can't do that and he's all
like wink wink for DHS and they're like
gotcha because they know how to play too
and see his base this whole time they've
been saying it was not gun control
that's not what we need we need mental
health care and here we are last 45 days
what's he been talking about mental
healthcare c4d chess he just he just
tricked everybody is he's smart like
that stable genius and all
you see now the reason is bass is
opposed to red flag gun laws is that
civil pay that work is somebody says
you're mentally ill and dangerous or
whatever and the law shows up and they
take your guns and then in a short time
you get to see a judge and judge says
you whether or not you get them back and
that just doesn't seem like how you
should deal with an inalienable right
seeing that his mental health care plan
that's a little bit different the way
that works is it's about involuntarily
housing people that are dangerous and
mentally ill so somebody says you're
crazy you're mentally ill you're
dangerous and the law shows up and they
take you and then in a short time you
get to see a judge and determine whether
or not
so it's not a red flag gun law it's a
red flag you law guys don't worry
wink wink just gonna be used on homeless
people right he's tricked his base again
and they fell for it again
he just repackaged the plan I mean I'm
not familiar with the regulations at
every asylum out there but I'm fairly
certain they're not gonna let these guys
take their guns with them call me crazy
so he has his base now supporting a more
extreme version of what they opposed
because he rebranded it and that's what
Trump is he's a brand he's a walking
meme he's a brand that's it that's it
and he's very good at branding things
the thing is his base is pretty much in
direct opposition to his actual beliefs
so he has to trick them constantly and
they fall for it constantly because
they're following a cult of personality
they're following a person rather than
their principles so they get tripped and
that is what has happened again
so anyway I'm certain that if you
continue to follow the president he will
4-d his chest and everybody will get
what they want all of his supporters
will eventually get the tax breaks and
everything that he promised to Mexico is
gonna build the wall and all of the
things that he's promised are gonna come
true wink wink
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night